Proj muon doc changes (#850)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/serverless-ai-api-guide.md

    console.log(embeddings.embeddings)
    let result = Llm.infer(InferencingModels.Llama2Chat, prompt)
    return {
        status: 200,
        headers: {"content-type":"text/plain"},
        body: result.text
    }
}
```

**General Notes**

`infer` operation:

- It takes in the following arguments - model name, prompt and a optional third parameter for inferencing options. 
- The model name is a string. There are enums for the inbuilt models (llama2-chat and codellama) in `InferencingModels`.
- The optional third parameter which is an interface allows you to specify parameters such as `maxTokens`, `repeatPenalty`, `repeatPenaltyLastNTokenCount`, `temperature`, `topK`, `topP`.  
- The return value is a `string`.

`generateEmbeddings` operation:

- It takes two arguments - model name and list of strings to generate the embeddings for. 
- The model name is a string. There are enums for the inbuilt models (AllMiniLmL6V2) in `EmbeddingModels`.
- The return value is of the type `number[][] 

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "Python"}}

The Python SDK doesn't currently surface the Serverless AI API. 

{{ blockEnd }}

> {{ startTab "TinyGo"}}

Author: @calebschoepp could you help fill this section out? Just a very simple explanation of the two functions and how to import the module with Go.

    console.log(embeddings.embeddings)
    let result = Llm.infer(InferencingModels.Llama2Chat, prompt)
    return {
        status: 200,
        headers: {"content-type":"text/plain"},
        body: result.text
    }
}
```

**General Notes**

`infer` operation:

- It takes in the following arguments - model name, prompt and a optional third parameter for inferencing options. 
- The model name is a string. There are enums for the inbuilt models (llama2-chat and codellama) in `InferencingModels`.
- The optional third parameter which is an interface allows you to specify parameters such as `maxTokens`, `repeatPenalty`, `repeatPenaltyLastNTokenCount`, `temperature`, `topK`, `topP`.  
- The return value is a `string`.

`generateEmbeddings` operation:

- It takes two arguments - model name and list of strings to generate the embeddings for. 
- The model name is a string. There are enums for the inbuilt models (AllMiniLmL6V2) in `EmbeddingModels`.
- The return value is of the type `number[][] 

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "Python"}}

The Python SDK doesn't currently surface the Serverless AI API. 

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "TinyGo"}}

> Serverless AI functions are available in the `github.com/fermyon/spin/sdk/go/llm` pakage. See [Go Packages](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/fermyon/spin/sdk/go/llm) for reference documentation. For example:

Reviewer: Hi @adamreese and @rajatjindal 
These links to the GitHub path and the pkg.go.dev paths need to be resolved; currently not reachable.
Thanks so much.

Reviewer: The links above need the SDK to be merged to the main branch to have them resolved.

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"net/http"

	spinhttp "github.com/fermyon/spin/sdk/go/http"
	"github.com/fermyon/spin/sdk/go/llm"
)

func init() {
	spinhttp.Handle(func(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) {
		result, err := llm.Infer("llama2-chat", "What is a good prompt?", nil)
		if err != nil {
			http.Error(w, err.Error(), http.StatusInternalServerError)
			return
		}
		fmt.Printf("Prompt tokens:    %d\n", result.Usage.PromptTokenCount)
		fmt.Printf("Generated tokens: %d\n", result.Usage.GeneratedTokenCount)
		fmt.Fprintf(w, "%s\n", result.Text)

		embeddings, err := llm.GenerateEmbeddings("all-minilm-l6-v2", []string{"Hello world"})
		if err != nil {
			http.Error(w, err.Error(), http.StatusInternalServerError)
			return
		}
		fmt.Printf("Prompt Tokens: %d\n", embeddings.Usage.PromptTokenCount)
		fmt.Printf("%v\n", embeddings.Embeddings)
	})
}
```

**General Notes**

`infer` operation:

- It takes in the following arguments - model name, prompt and a optional third parameter for inferencing options (pass `nil` if you don't want to specify it).
- The model name is a string.

> - The params allows you to specificy `MaxTokens`, `RepeatPenalty`, `RepeatPenaltyLastNTokenCount`, `Temperature`, `TopK`, `TopP`.

Reviewer 2: Open question: If you specify certain parameters do you have to specify all of them so you don't get default values (0) for the rest of them?

@adamreese

- It returns a result struct with a `Text` field that contains the answer and a `Usage` field that contains metadata about the operation.

`generateEmbeddings` operation:

- It takes two arguments - model name and list of strings to generate the embeddings for.

> - The model name is a string.

Reviewer 2: Not sure what are valid model names here.

Reviewer 3: There is currently only one: "all-minilm-l6-v2"

enable_shortcodes = true
[extra]
url = "https://github.com/fermyon/developer/blob/main/content/spin/serverless-ai-api-guide.md"

---
- [Using Fermyon Serverless AI From Applications](#using-fermyon-serverless-ai-from-applications)

Spin provides an interface for you to perform AI inference within Spin applications. By default, a given component of an app will not have access to any Serverless AI models. Access must be provided explicitly via the component manifest.  For example, a component could be given access to the llama2-chat model using:

```toml
[[component]]
ai_models = ["llama2-chat"]
```

> Note: To deploy a Spin application (that performs AI inferencing) to Fermyon Cloud please visit the [Serverless AI](https://developer.fermyon.com/cloud/serverless-ai#accessing-private-beta) section in the documentation. It covers signing up for the private beta and setting up your Fermyon Serverless AI.

## Using Fermyon Serverless AI From Applications

The Spin SDK surfaces the Serverless AI interface to your language. The set of operations is common across all supporting SDKs:

| Operation  | Parameters | Returns | Behavior |
|------------|------------|---------|----------|

> | `infer`  | model `string`, prompt `string`, params `list` | `string`  | The `infer` is performed on a specific model. The name of the model is the first parameter provided (i.e. `llama2-v70b-chat`, `llama2-v13b-chat`, `llama2-v7b-chat` or other; passed in as a `string`). The second parameter is a prompt; passed in as a `string`. The third parameter is a mix of float and unsigned integers relating to inferencing parameters in this order: `max-tokens` (unsigned 32 integer), `repeat-penalty` (float 32), `repeat-penalty-last-n-token-count` (unsigned 32 integer), `temperature` (float 32), `top-k` (unsigned 32 integer) and `top-p` (float 32). The result from `infer` is a `string` |

Reviewer 3: The model names are incorrect:

```suggestion
| `infer`  | model `string`, prompt `string`, params `list` | `string`  | The `infer` is performed on a specific model. The name of the model is the first parameter provided (i.e. `llama2-chat`, `codellama-instruct`, or other; passed in as a `string`). The second parameter is a prompt; passed in as a `string`. The third parameter is a mix of float and unsigned integers relating to inferencing parameters in this order: `max-tokens` (unsigned 32 integer), `repeat-penalty` (float 32), `repeat-penalty-last-n-token-count` (unsigned 32 integer), `temperature` (float 32), `top-k` (unsigned 32 integer) and `top-p` (float 32). The result from `infer` is a `string` |
```

Also, the Rust and JS SDK don't take strings but rather take in some sort of enum. This gets translated to the string that ultimately gets passed over the wit interface as a string. This is just a convenience so that users don't have to know a set of magic strings.

The exact detail of calling these operations from your application depends on your language:

{{ tabs "sdk-type" }}

{{ startTab "Rust"}}

To use Serverless AI functions, the `llm` module from the Spin SDK provides the method: `infer`. The following snippet is from the [Rust sentiment analysis example](https://github.com/fermyon/ai-examples/sentiment-analysis-rust): 

```rust
use spin_sdk::{llm::{infer, InferencingModel::Llama2Chat}};

// -- snip --

> let inferencing_result = infer(Llama2Chat, &PROMPT.clone().replace("<SENTENCE>", &request.sentence));

Reviewer 3: Nit: this call to `clone` should not be necessary.

```suggestion
let inferencing_result = infer(Llama2Chat, &PROMPT.replace("<SENTENCE>", &request.sentence));
```

```

**General Notes**

`infer` operation:

- It takes in the following arguments - model name, prompt and ... 
- The model name is ...

> - The optional third parameter which is an interface allows you to specify parameters such as `maxTokens`, `repeatPenalty`, `repeatPenaltyLastNTokenCount`, `temperature`, `topK`, `topP`.  

Reviewer 3: note: the casing is off here. For example, `repeatPenaltyLastNTokenCount` should be `repeat_penalty_last_n_token_count`

		embeddings, err := llm.GenerateEmbeddings("all-minilm-l6-v2", []string{"Hello world"})
		if err != nil {
			http.Error(w, err.Error(), http.StatusInternalServerError)
			return
		}
		fmt.Printf("Prompt Tokens: %d\n", embeddings.Usage.PromptTokenCount)
		fmt.Printf("%v\n", embeddings.Embeddings)
	})
}
```

**General Notes**

`infer` operation:

- It takes in the following arguments - model name, prompt and an optional third parameter for inferencing options (pass `nil` if you don't want to specify it).
- The model name is a string.
- The params allows you to specify `MaxTokens`, `RepeatPenalty`, `RepeatPenaltyLastNTokenCount`, `Temperature`, `TopK`, `TopP`.
- It returns a result struct with a `Text` field that contains the answer and a `Usage` field that contains metadata about the operation.

`generateEmbeddings` operation:

- It takes two arguments - model name and list of strings to generate the embeddings for.
- The model name is a string.
- It returns a result struct with an `Embeddings` field that contains the `[][]float32` embeddings and a `Usage` field that contains metadata about the operation.

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "Swift"}}

> * The inferencing parameters are optional and you can pass `nil` if you don't want to specify them

Reviewer 3: ?

Reviewer: Thanks, I have not idea where this line came from. I have removed it.

    console.log(embeddings.embeddings)
    let result = Llm.infer(InferencingModels.Llama2Chat, prompt)
    return {
        status: 200,
        headers: {"content-type":"text/plain"},
        body: result.text
    }
}
```

**General Notes**

`infer` operation:

- It takes in the following arguments - model name, prompt and a optional third parameter for inferencing options. 
- The model name is a string. There are enums for the inbuilt models (llama2-chat and codellama) in `InferencingModels`.
- The optional third parameter which is an interface allows you to specify parameters such as `maxTokens`, `repeatPenalty`, `repeatPenaltyLastNTokenCount`, `temperature`, `topK`, `topP`.  
- The return value is a `string`.

`generateEmbeddings` operation:

- It takes two arguments - model name and list of strings to generate the embeddings for. 
- The model name is a string. There are enums for the inbuilt models (AllMiniLmL6V2) in `EmbeddingModels`.
- The return value is of the type `number[][] 

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "Python"}}

The Python SDK doesn't currently surface the Serverless AI API. 

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "TinyGo"}}

> Serverless AI functions are available in the `github.com/fermyon/spin/sdk/go/llm` package. See [Go Packages](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/fermyon/spin/sdk/go/llm) for reference documentation. For example:

Reviewer 4: Go will not be released now.

| `infer`  | model `string`, prompt `string`, params `list` | `string`  | The `infer` is performed on a specific model. The name of the model is the first parameter provided (i.e. `llama2-v70b-chat`, `llama2-v13b-chat`, `llama2-v7b-chat` or other; passed in as a `string`). The second parameter is a prompt; passed in as a `string`. The third parameter is a mix of float and unsigned integers relating to inferencing parameters in this order: `max-tokens` (unsigned 32 integer), `repeat-penalty` (float 32), `repeat-penalty-last-n-token-count` (unsigned 32 integer), `temperature` (float 32), `top-k` (unsigned 32 integer) and `top-p` (float 32). The result from `infer` is a `string` |

TODO the above are still in flux so please check this reference to see the operations and parameters https://github.com/fermyon/spin/blob/llm-sdk/wit/preview2/llm.wit and then delete this line TODO

The exact detail of calling these operations from your application depends on your language:

{{ tabs "sdk-type" }}

{{ startTab "Rust"}}

TODO. For example:

```rust
TODO
```

**General Notes** 
* TODO

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "Typescript"}}

TODO. For example:

> ```javascript

Author: @karthik2804  can you help on this one?

TODO
```

**General Notes**
* TODO

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "Python"}}

TODO. For example:

```python
TODO
```

**General Notes**
* TODO

{{ blockEnd }}

{{ startTab "TinyGo"}}

> The Go SDK doesn't currently surface the Serverless AI API.

Author: @rajatjindal is this accurate? if not, can you help add necessary code.

Reviewer: Go has been written up in the code block now; thanks @adamreese looks really great.
